Timing and subtitles brought to you by  The How to Be Thirty Team @ Viki
By any chance, are you seeing another woman?
Is that why you want to break up with me?
No, that's not it.
Then why are you doing this?
The answer will hurt you.
What could be more hurtful than you wanting to break up with me right now?
The real reason I want to break up with you...
You're like a dog.
You're nice but...
you're a dog that keeps following its owner around for no reason.
I'm tired of it. In fact, I'm sick of it now.
Let's stop here.
I'll leave.
Once again, I'm standing on the scale of the one I love.
Lee Hye Ryeong
I'll call you back later.
I noticed it over and over again,
but I ignored it over and over again.
I'm busy with work right now. I'll call you back later.
Do you not like this place?
It's not too bad.
Then shall we go to the "not too bad" place?
So how was the movie?
It was so-so.
Wasn't the main lead pretty cool?
Well... he was fine.
How do you like this place?
- Well... it's not bad.  - "It's not bad."
You shouldn't be that obvious. You're not very conspicuous.
It's really not bad.
I like it... you.
And today, on Seo Ji Won's scale,
I placed Lee Seung Yu.
Oh my god, seriously, Lee Seung Yu!
Why did you change so much?
Episode 7: Brilliantly Shattered  I need to sew this up. I'm speechless.
Maybe it was when I was in high school. After Ran Ju had transferred to our school.
- So you've been close with Ji Won since then?  - Yeah.
Our personalities were bad, so we never got along with other kids.
I thought so.
You don't need to be so sure of it.
Without even realizing it, the truth just came out.
Ran Ju is like family to us.
You know what happens if you mess with my family, right?
So if you just want to play around with Ran Ju,
then put your feelings away sooner rather than later.
But I do want to play with her.
I also want to get to know her and see her.
I want to do everything with her.
I don't just think of her sometimes. I think of her every day.
Are you confident those feelings of yours won't change?
Oh? Does that mean you'll consider me family too?
I shouldn't have given him an opening.
He takes it too far. Too far.
Oh my god! You scared me!
Here's my order: 18 shots of espresso all in one cup.
Hey!
I'll give you credit.
What's wrong? Did something happen again?
Let me ask you something.
Sure, ask me anything. I'll tell you whatever you want to know.
Byeong Ho... when you found out that he cheated on you,
how come you didn't ask him anything?
Your question is a bit too strong.
I'll forgive you for running off with my report when we were 24.
Because I saw it with my own two eyes.
But still Oppa Byeong Ho—
You could have heard out what that bastard had to say.
His eyes were quivering.
I knew what those quivering eyes meant.
It meant he was lying to me.
Even if I had held on to Kim Byeong Ho then,
he might not have come back to me.
We were already like broken glass at that point.
But why are you asking about that? Why?
Is your relationship not going well?
My series isn't going well.
Good luck!
Noona, I'll be back in an hour.
Where are you going now? Hey!
Oh my! It looks delicious.
Where did all this come from? It looks really good.
- What's all this?  - Your fan club sent it.
- Fan club?  - Here's a card!
"You're always hungry, right?"
That's not true. I'm not hungry.
You're always hungry, right? Because there's no one above you.
Announcer Lee Ran Ju with the honey-like voice, fighting!
What's the occasion? Don't only idols get service like this?
- Oh my goodness!  - Everyone enjoy. I'll be right back.
We'll enjoy them!
Hyeong Jun Yeong! I got you!
- Why are you so fast?  - What's all of that?
- I just delivered some lunches.  - What are you up to?
- Nothing, it's just an event. - Why are you showing up here all of a sudden?
Is it okay for me to say it here?
Really?
You can't. Just go.
- Just go quickly.  - Come on. I want to tell you though.
I told you to leave.
Please order with us again.
Regarding our meeting today...
Thank you. Yes.
Did it get finalized?
- Yes.  - Wow! That's amazing.
A movie and book published at the same time...
You have skills!
I suggested marketing it along with the movie, and it all worked out.
You and Writer Seo must be fated.
After the two of you met, everything has worked out well.
Is that so?
Are you going to tell Writer Seo about it right away?
I'm not sure.
No way... are you going to surprise her?
Writer Seo will love it.
It's our story, isn't it?
I'm glad that I met you again.
This feels nice.
This feels really nice, Seo Ji Won.
Lee Hye Ryeong
LSY ♡ LHR
Cafe Area
Welcome!
We'd like to sit here.
What would you like to order?
Thank you.
Ran Ju, what would you like to have?
They have coffee and alcohol here.
Do you like whiskey?
I sure do. Give us this one, please. Special Set: 500,000 won (444 USD)
Okay.
I'll cut this for you.
- Miss Ran Ju, please have some too.  - Yes.
Can you hold your liquor?
Liquor? I'm not a very good drinker.
I feel sorry for you.
My friend wasn't always this harsh.
She's doing that on purpose.
She's afraid she'll fall for me.
- It's delicious.  - Yes, it really is.
You're strong. Really strong.
I like grapes.
I had a nice time today.
I hope it was the same for you as well, Miss Ran Ju.
Yes, I had a nice time as well.
That's fortunate. Then instead of taking the long way around,
how about we go straight forward?
I heard that you will stop working anyway.
If it works out today, I am fine with a marriage as well.
Are you here because you're drunk,
or because you wanted to see me?
I just came.
I like you.
From the first moment I saw you, I liked you.
[cafe area]
[SN Media]
[Assistant Manager Lee Seung Yu: Are you on your way here?]
Are you on your way here?
I am about to get on the elevator.
Fourth floor.
It's the fourth floor.
What are you doing?
I missed you.
♫ When we grow farther apart ♫
♫ When memories start disappearing ♫
♫ Even the breeze that passed by ♫
♫ When you forget them all ♫
♫ It's like everything is fine ♫
♫ And the hands of the clock move again ♫
♫ Even those difficult memories ♫
♫ Will fade ♫
I wanted to see you
and hug you.
Me, too.
♫ If you keep looking for something ♫
♫  Close your broken heart ♫
♫ You don't have to struggle ♫
♫ It's just gonna flow ♫
♫ To the place I want to be  ♫
♫ Right there ♫
Team Leader Kim Jae Hwan
We better go in.
Do you want to go into the conference room first?
Okay.
I will see you later.
I feel pathetic for feeling relieved after checking to see that it wasn't that phone call.
Ah, you startled me!
That guy... was it really love?
You know, the third guy who was killed...
the main female character cries for the first time after killing him.
Were you talking about the project again?
Yes.
How is it that you always start in the middle of a conversation?
If I were to explain everything, why would I ask you, the writer?
I don't remember drawing a crying scene after the third killing.
She was standing still without an umbrella on a rainy day, wasn't she?
Didn't she do that because she wanted to cry?
That's...
I was terribly hurt by love.
Am I still wandering at the doorstep to the past I cannot free myself from?
You are together, I see.
Why don't we continue this conversation next time?
Sure.
Please thank Assistant Manager Yoon for me, for the materials.
Shall we go have tea?
Okay.
Director Cha Do Hoon seems like a strange person.
Is that so?
I am not sure.
Ah, I asked you to come to the company—
Just a moment.
I have something to say.
Sure, what is it?
Lee Hye Ryeong.
Who is she?
Timing and subtitles brought to you by  The How to Be Thirty Team @ Viki
How To Be Thirty
You, with that first love...
Perhaps, I am afraid of a breakup with Lee Seung Yu.
I can never let this hand go.
What should I do?
- You've fallen for me, haven't you? - No, I haven't.
You fell in love, right?
I will just sleep holding your hands.
Sure, sure, I trust you.
They say that you cannot hide love or a cough, like you.